---
path: '/work'
title: 'Case Studies'
date: 2018-02-22T17:01:34+07:00
---

At Schiesser IT, we pride ourselves on delivering top-notch Splunk apps that transform how businesses use data. Below, you'll find case studies that demonstrate our capabilities and commitment to delivering excellent results.

---

## Case Study: [Como](https://como.zeppelin.com/) - IoT Application for Zeppelin

**Company:** Zeppelin - A global leader in selling and renting construction machines

**Challenge:** Zeppelin wanted to leverage the vast amount of data generated by their IoT-enabled construction machines to deliver an enhanced customer service. Zeppelin's customers wanted to know the status of their machines, when they needed maintenance, and how they generally could improve their efficiency.

**Solution:** We developed an custom Splunk app that helped Zeppelin's customers to analyze and visualize the massive streams of IoT data generated by Zeppelin's construction machines.

**Key Features of the Solution:**

- **Security & Authentication:** Leveraged OAuth protocols to ensure secure data processing.

- **Scalability:** The app was designed to comfortably handle the data generated by ten-thousands of IoT-enabled construction machines.

- **Custom Branding:** The Splunk app was customized to reflect Zeppelin's brand identity.

- **Mobile Optimization:** The app was optimized for mobile and tablet usage, allowing on-the-go access for field technicians and engineers.

**Outcome:** The Splunk app allowed Zeppelin to deliver to their customers real-time insights into their machines' status and improve customer service by minimizing machine downtime and maximizing its usage.
